
In this assignment, we create a Job portal website using React, MaterialUI and Axios. We design 5 main pages using react components and react-router for navigation: Home, About, Job Listings, Contact, and Company Showcase. First, we create backend folders controllers, models, routes and connect to the mongodb database in server.js. server.js is used as the entry point file for all connections to happen. The router matches the request's url and http method to a specific route. Models is where you structurize the data, so we create a schema for the database. The Controllers interact with the models to perform necessary operations and then sends a response back to the client. In the frontend, we create the portal pages and route them so that we can navigate the pages easily. In homepage, I used Fade out text component using materialUI. In About page, I used Typography component to display lorem ipsumm text. In Contact page, I have utilized stack components to display phonenumber, mail id and linkedin profile of the website creator. In Job-Listing, I have utilized react props to access the sample data given in the assignment. Finally, in company showcase, I used axios to fetch image name and url from the backend and displayed them in cards.<br/>

In login.js, I have rendered a login form and handled user authentication. useState hook is used to manage the state of the username and password fields. handleSubmit function is used when user submits the form. Validation is performed too. Postman was used too to test the API. Axios was used too for the API calls to authenticate users and manage session states.<br/>
